PALACE OF MAGIC SOLUTION

It in possible to avoid nearly all the creatures in this game with a little bit of practise. 
When keys are stated. the first colour is assumed to be the top colour on the key:  e.g. 
Blue/Cyan key would be Blue on the top, and Cyan on the bottom. Use the Magic Hats wisely, 
they are shown on the map, it is up to you when you should collect them.Here we go then..

You start in the centre of the Palace. Climb the rope above you and go left and collect the 
green/white key (this is needed later). Continue left and pick up the CROSS. Then go right, 
climbing down the rope at the start screen, until the end of the corridor with a rope going 
down. Carefully climb down the rope and continue right, out of the Palace and to the end of 
the wood where there will be a Vicar, which you give the cross to. Now continue right into 
the Church until the rope going down (to the Dungeons) and follow this down, open the door, 
and go back up.

Go right into the next room, up, and find your way around to the HALO which you can now see 
to your right. Pick it up and head back down taking the first ladder down you come to. Pick 
up the yellow/red key and continue left, back to the start screen. Now open the door to the 
left of the start screen, and go back into the start screen. Go up the moving rope left and 
up, left a little again onto the next rope and up, then take the going up out of this room, 
to the roof. Go right and pick up the magenta/white key then go back to the start screen, 
dropping the HALO at the nearest base on your way. 

Go right and take the first down, carefully go right past the Wallow thing, and follow the 
corridors until your key opens the magenta/white door. Take the exit at the bottom left and 
keep to the bottom corridor. At the end, follow the ladder up to the top, picking up the ROPE 
on your way. Go left and pick up the cyan/blue key, and go back to the start screen. Now go 
up the rope, right , up the ladder, and open the door to your right. Work your way to the 
right, until you reach a tricky looking room, climb up through this. You're now at the base 
of the right Tower. Climb to the top of the Tower, and walk off to the left. When you recover 
pick up the white/green key and go left until you see a ladder down. Go down this, follow the 
rope down to the screen below. Now go left through the zig zag, and keep going until you see 
the white/green door. So and open this. Now go back and get the HALO, wherever you left it, 
and come back here.You are now at the base of the left Tower. Go all the way up the Tower, 
giving the HALO to the Guard of the Gods. Advance up the Tower, and place the ROPE on the 
base. It will uncoil and provide a rope to climb up. Move the key that was there to the base 
above ( at the extreme top of the Tower, with the Raindrop above it). This is all you can do 
in this Tower For now.

Get back to the screen at the base of the Tower. Go right and cut of this screen, and start 
going up, until you get to a triangular shaped room with a base and a small stone STATUE. 
Pick up the STATUE and go back down, then back to the start screen. So left, down the chute 
at the end, and pick up the CANDLE. You will have to go right now, until you get to a zig zag. 
Go up, and you should recognize where you are. Go right to the Church, then down the Dungeons. 
When you are two levels below ground, the room allows you to take three exits into the room 
below. Beware, only the middle one is safe. Follow the passages, until you reach the room with 
six green monsters. Put the STATUE on the base and they will all disappear. Now go back and 
get the BOWL you passed an your way. Go back through the room with the STATUE in, working 
through the passages until you find your way out. Take the BOWL up to the top of the left 
Tower and drop it an the base, the raindrop will fill the BOWL with water. Leave the CANDLE 
in the centre of the castle.

Take the full BOWL, and red yellow key to the Church. Go to the right hand side of the Church 
and open the door there. Walk through  the woods, over the river, and put the fire cut with 
the water in the BOWL.

Go back to the Palace, pick up the CANDLE and the blue/cyan key and go down the Dungeons 
(Church), open the blue/cyan door with the key and go left through the room with ropes and 
into the next one. Now take the rope down and you should be in a small chamber. Go as far 
top left as you can without going cut or the screen, and go left into the wall. This screen 
and the above screen is a maze of secret passages. Find your way to the FROG and pick it up 
then get out of the Dungeons.

Go to the PRINCESS (just past the bridge), and give her the FROG. Go inside and pick up the 
white/magenta key. Head back to the start screen and stop two screens before, taking the rope 
down. You should end up in a room with moving ropes and a  white/magenta door. IF you are low 
on energy get a Magic Hat, there is one to your right. Go down and go through the white/magenta 
door. Go up through the next room and collect the GOLD BAR, then take the passage out to the 
right and up the rope out of there. Go up the right Tower, an a base there you will find an 
object, a wall with a hole in it. Pick this up and go to the start screen. So left and down 
the chute, continue through the passages until you get to the leftmost room, the room to the 
left of where you found the ROPE, it has a bit of grass showing in the bottom left corner.
 
Put the WALL with a hole in it down here, and a secret door will open to your left. STOP here 
and read ahead because the next item has to be done in a specific time limit. Give the GOLD 
BAR to the imp. IF you look up next to the Percentage score there is a 0. This is a timer for 
the SWORD, and shows how many units of 10 seconds there are left. You are aiming far the room 
up and to the right of the start screen. When you are given the SWORD in exchange for the 
GOLD BAR you have exactly 50 seconds to get the SOOT. It might be a good idea to work out your 
route before you get the SWORD, the SWORD enables you to kill the creatures which look like 
Eyeballs on springs ! But in doing so you lose one 1 energy point.

Once you have the BOOT, then you can jump twice as high. You do not need the SWORD for anything 
else. To get to the BOOT, the best thing to do is go through the room full of crossed swords 
and Eye-Balls an springs jumping up and down in pits. Kill the creatures, fall into the pits 
and jump out again, until you pet to the right of the screen. Be careful not to fall down the 
chute when going into the BOOT room. Go to the PRINCESS house and jump up the chute to get to 
the TREASURE chest. 

Now take the CHEST and the BOOT to the leftmost wood (Where the Imp was). Stand in the entrance 
of the lower passage and jump into the entrance or the passage above. Give the TREASURE to the 
guard, and go left.

You are now in the Transporter ! Press SPACE while standing on the pad and you are home !!
